# A version control system is useful as everychange you make in the code you have the ability to roll back to original code if it goes wrong, you also can also keep a track of who changes the code and what changes they make. As a big company a VCS is useful as you could have 10-20 people working on a deployment and to reduce time spent going through what you have all done in long unecessary meetings you have the chance to see what code changes they made and who made it so you can have a quick call if you need help understanding what they did. As an Individual you could create something that works and start adding in little sections to improve the system from your point of view and overtime you realise the customer doesn't want any of it and they want it removed, so instead of deleting heaps and heaps of code you can just roll back to before you started adding little sections that you thought were good for the system. Within a version control system it is beneficial for an individual or company as it helps keep track of tasks and requirements for the system needed from the customer, during development and testing there is a lot of things which need to be tracked of, when testing making sure you test and evaluate every thing that the software has and make sure it all works correctly is nearly impossible for everyone to just keep in mind and remember at the top of their heads, having a version control system allows you to have a section to keep everything documented so you're not wasting time on checking who changed what to which piece of code etc. . A VCS can be useful in the sense that you can alter and write a new piece of code for the software and have some people check your work so you don't implement a faulty code that could destroy the software. The benefits to a VCS when developing software as either an individual or as a team are major as it makes working on a piece of software safer, less time consuming and more efficient for building the piece of software. There are 2 main version control systems: Distributed and Centralised. Distributed like Git is faster more resiliant to network failures and able to work offline due to each user having their own copy however it is a greater learning curve to a Centralised version control system. Like Subversion, their branching is more heavy weight it's slower but is much easier for a beginner to use and has many of the same functions like Git
